Feat/multi notary (#90)
sse-secure-systems/connaisseur: README.md

1. Should there only be one notary configuration or only one key defined within a given configuration, this configuration or key will be taken by default for verification purposes.

> 2. Should there be more then one notary configuration or key, Connaisseur assumes that one of those has the `name` field set to `default` and take this one by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Should there be more then one notary configuration or key and if one of the `name` fields is set to `default`, Connaisseur will take this one. If no default is specified and no specific entry defined, Connaisseur will abort the validation with an error.
```

I'd like this to be a bit more specific, along the lines of the above, if that's fine with you.

Reviewer: Would then do the same change in the setup/README
